okay so this next section here okay well
we're finished with the last section
which went and the next part starts off
with a few bends and they come in
exactly one beat after that last section
so one beat is basically one two three
four and we're going to be on the high E
string on the 17th fret we'll Bend up a
full tone and for the first three bends
and the first two are going to be two
beats long on the second sorry and the
third one is going to be three beats
long so okay one two one two one two
three sometimes I do that double Bend
sort of thing bit of a carry more thing
but yeah so we have two beats for the
first two bands on three beats for the
third band and then for the fourth band
it's going to be one beat on the fifth
Bend it'll be two beats so we have yeah
okay and then after that we go which is
basically will hit the 15th fret on the
high E and then 17th fret twice on the B
with a bit of a broto
and I do quite heavy actually on the
little recording and then after that we
go which is twice on the 17th fret on
the B once on 15th foot high and then 17
that on the B slide down so
and that's basically the first part now
this next section if I could get on the
recording just quickly
okay yeah we're gonna do a can intro run
here which sounds like this okay that's
the intro lick just once of course now
what this is basically is we're gonna
hit the 16th fret on the g string and
then 17th and then 18th so it was
chromatic from the 16th to the 18th 16
17 18 and then we'll hit the 17th fret
on the B string and then we'll Bend up a
full tone on the 20th fret of the B
right now this this next section is very
repetitive it just goes on and on so the
best way I think of this I mean I never
really thought of it and so that's
always started doing this video on and
we have these bends which sound like
this we have a 17th fret on high and
then we Bend up from the 20th foot on
the beat a full tone we do that three
times and that's one little section and
then we repeat that six times ok so no 6
times or five times more after that so
oops
so six of those after the vote hi
and on the last note of the six we don't
actually bend off we just hit the 20th
threat and then we Bend up I believe a
fourth fret Bend so it's so it's full
effect then from that notes so what
and then we release the bend and just do
some vibrato on the 20th fret so it's
quite heavy and yeah so I'll do that
again
five six
and that's that that's a way of counting
it which I think that's the best way I
came up
that's what I've come up with to kind of
communicate that so I think we'll keep
that part there for this lesson but I'll
put the next video up immediately after
so stay tuned